

Problem:

 Alright so we have to make  a shopping cart page. it will have a banner at the top, with a shop text, 
that when clicked it takes  you to the shopping page. And it wil also have a shopping cart icon, that when clicked 
takes you to checkout, which will show you your items, amount of quantity and total price for everything, and for each 
item. as for the shop page, it will have multiple columns of items that you can choose and click form, and when you click 
it, the add to cart button, it will have in brackets showing you how many of that item you have added to cart.
when checkout is pressed it will simply show nothing, a blank page since thats not part of the shopping cart application.

Breaking down the problem:

Ok, lets start with shopping cart page. i will paste the products file from the example project, and put that as a 
file in the src folder. Now, we will have a separate component for shopping page, because i think  i need to do that 
if i want to include pages in my project. i will create pages component, inside it will be a shop page folder, with 
the shop component, and its css, and will also include the products in their since its related to the shop. 
In the shop component we will return the the title of shop, in h1 tag, and also loop over the products. 
we will use a state to also return a button, which will keep count of how much times that button wa clicked.
in that case, what i should do is make another component called product that will then have a state for each one
of them, so that for each produce the number of times its clicked is accurate. will put that Product component in 
shop page folder. ok, thats the shop page done.

Now, as for the cart, we will have a cart folder in pages folder, which will have a cart component and its css file. 
Hmm, ok this is going to need to take in all the clicked products and simply them, and then show the total
number, total price for everything. now, question i s how is it going to get this data? well, if i want to have 
pages in this project then i am going to have to use useContext and define a state that would be track the amount of
times that product has been clicked, probably say that in a quantity object. so i need to do that. then the cart, it 
will also i have two buttons, the continue shopping-which will make it go back to shop page, and the checkout button- 
which would simply go to a blank page. 

As for setting up the route, i will use chatgpt ot help me learn how I can do that. 

Lessons Learnt: 
if something is passing the if statement, but nothing is being returned which you expect it to, make sue to have actually put a
 return statement there, or that you used the return statement correctly. 
